Preparation: Ensure we are up to date on necessary vaccines. Get phone card for data and internet.

Aug 26: LAX to Jakarta -- We will leave on Saturday Morning and make it to Jakarta the next day in the afternoon.

Aug 27: Jakarta -- Fortunately, we will not need to spend any time attaining visas as Indonesia allows visa-free travel for under 30 days. Instead, of waiting in more lines, we will crash at The Six Degrees Hostel. Indonesia is 15 hours ahead of Pacific time, so we will definitely have massive jet lag.

Aug 28: Jakarta -- Rested and ready to go, we will visit the following:
    -National Museum
		-Merdeka Square
		-National Monument
		-Jakarta Cathedral
		-Istiqlal Mosque
insert facts, cultural tidbits. Talk a little bit about culturally relevant food.

Aug 29: Jakarta -- In the morning, we will take a bus to Old town and :
-Jakarta History Museum- Fatahillah Museum ($0.37 pp)
	-Walk to Pondok Laguna for lunch- 45 minutes from Old Town ($7 pp)
	-Return to city center by TransJakarta, eat at Lara Djonggrang for dinner
	-Take a TransJakarta bus to Kemang district for nightlife
  
Aug 30: Jakarta to Semarang -- At 7 a.m., we will board a train to heading to Semarang. After checking in at the Mess Inn, we'll walk over to old town which is right across the river. As we walk upriver, we will pass by china town and grab lunch. After we hail a cab, we'll go across town to Sam Po Kong temple, explore area/cuisine over there. On the way back, stop at Lawang Sewu for a haunted tour.

Aug 31: Semarang -- Hiring a private car, we'll make a 2 hr drive to Mount Ungaran. With a trusty steed, we'll ride to the top of Mt. Ungaran to see ancient Hindu Temples.

Sept 1: Semarang to Yogyakarta -- We'll take a morning bus through the lakes and mountain of central Java to Yogyakarta, the cultural hub of Indonesia. We will explore the city center the first day, taking tours of Kraton, an old javanese palace and Taman Siri, an archaic bathouse. After we grab dinner, we'll make our way over to Malioboro street and...

Sept 2: Yogyakarta -- This will be our Boroburdur day. Boroburdur is the largest Buddhist temple in the world and blahblah blah. This is bound to be a highlight of the trip. On the way back, we'll visit Mendut temple to learn more about how buddhist monks practice in modern times, and also check out some of the ancient relics here. When we get back in town, we'll explore Pasar Beringharjao, a central market place in Yogya. Hopefully, we can find some killer *insert indonesian food*.

Sept 3: Yogyakarta -- We'll continue our exploration of Indonesian history, but by viewing some ancient art at Ullen Sentalu. In the afternoon, we'll see a bit more modern way of life by visiting Kota Gede, which is an area that part indonesian archicture relic and home to factories/silversmiths. After getting a good dinner, we'll relax by watching the Ramanaya ballet, javanese dance that centers on hindu influences.

Sep 4: Yogyakarta -- Returning to the past, we'll begin our morning by seeing the Prambanan temples, some of the best kept ancient hindu temples in the world. In the afternoon, we'll take a brief trip to the Affandi Museum to see a cultural fixture of contemporary Indonesia. We'll wander our way back to our hostel through the markets along the ... river.

September 5: Yogyakarta -- While Yogyakarta is a religious/cultural destination, there are some natural wonders here that are overlooked. We'll start our morning off by repelling into a massive cave nearby yogyakarta. We'll spend the evening taking a handcrank gondola across a narrow strait off Timang beach.

September 6: Yogya to Surabaya -- In the morning, we'll hop on a train across Central Java to Surabaya, a financial hub. We'll try to catch a soccer game for the home team Persebaya, one of Indonesia's best soccer clubs. After spending time with 50,000 rabid fans, we'll get dinner at ...

September 7: Surabaya -- Starting from My Studio Hotel, which is located near city center, we will take a morning walk to see China town and the arab quarter. Also we'll go to Kong Co Kong temple, Jembatan merah, Gedung PTP. In the afternoon, we'll see more of the modern side of Indonesia by going to Tunjungan Plaza, which is one of the largest indoor malls in Indonesia. While learning about the history of Indonesia is a focus of this trip, we would be remiss not to see how contemporary Indonesians live.

September 8: Surabaya to Malang -- We'll head to the wilderness of greater Malang for a 3 day hiking excursion. After being in city centers for so long, this will provide a good change of pace. something about Omah Kayu Paralayang.

September 9: Malang -- From the outer regions of malang we'll settle into inner city, visit Madakaripura waterfall

September 10: Malang -- Sunrise hike to top of Mt Penanjakan, return to Malang, visit the beaches 2 hours south of Malang

September 11: Malang to Denpassar -- After a morning plane ride, we'll arrive into Denpasar, Bali. We'll spend the afternoon checking out the surfers on Bukit beach and seeing the sunset ceremonies at Pura Luhur Ulu Watu, a beautiful cliffside temple. After dinner, we'll make our way to Kuta's never ending night.

September 12: Denpassar to Ubud -- We'll wake early to catch a bus to Ubud which is in central Bali. After about 2 hours on the road, we'll stretch our legs at the Sacred monkey sanctuary. In the afternoon, we'll see mt kawi, tirta temple and tampaskiring. We'll spend the night bar hopping...

September 13: Ubud -- To see a bit of the wilderness of Bali, we'll go on a day trip to see Sekumpul water falls. After we get situated back in Ubud around 4, we'll rent a bike and ride around the city. As Ubud is small city, it will make for a great bike ride. At night we'll see some traditional balinese dance at the Ubud palace.

September 14: Ubud to Denpasar -- Today, we'll return to Denpasar and see a bit more of the Indonesian culture. We'll visit the museum negeri propinsi to see... Afterwards, we'll head over to Sanur to go on the beach walk. We'll try to rent a kayak at one of the nearby resorts and have fun on the famous white sand beaches of bali.

September 15: Gili Islands -- Taking a fast boat from Sanur to Gili Trawagan, we'll arrive at the secluded Gili islands around noon. We'll spend the day snorkeling along the coral reef and sea turtles. We'll take an evening boat back to Denpasar.

September 16: Denpasar to Jakarta -- We'll spend this day in transit back to Jakarta to catch flight back home.
